# BSTSearch
Implement a C program to construct a Binary Search Tree, to search for an element in BST and to display the elements in the tree using Inorder traversals.     Binary Search tree is a binary tree in which each internal node x stores an element such that the element stored in the left subtree of x are less than or equal to x and elements stored in the right subtree of x are greater than or equal to x. This is called binary-search-tree property.      Input and Output Format:  Refer Sample Input and Output for formatting specifications.     [All text in bold corresponds to input and the rest corresponds to output]    Sample Input and Output 1:  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  1  Do you want to insert another element?  yes  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  2  Do you want to insert another element?  yes  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  3  Do you want to insert another element?  yes  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  4  Do you want to insert another element?  no  Inorder Traversal : The elements in the tree are 1 2 3 4  Enter the element to be searched  6  6 not found     Sample Input and Output 2:  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  1  Do you want to insert another element?  yes  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  2  Do you want to insert another element?  yes  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  3  Do you want to insert another element?  yes  Enter the element to be inserted in the tree  3  Do you want to insert another element?  no  Inorder Traversal : The elements in the tree are 1 2 3 4  Enter the element to be searched  3  3 found
